#!/bin/bash

source bin/osx_gnu.sh

# Format: <test name> <spl file> <procedure> <expected result>
TESTS="
soudness0               tests/spl/soundness/soundness0.spl              ''      fail
soudness1               tests/spl/soundness/soundness1.spl              ''      fail
soudness2               tests/spl/soundness/soundness2.spl              ''      fail
soudness3               tests/spl/soundness/soundness3.spl              ''      fail
soudness5               tests/spl/soundness/soundness5.spl              ''      fail
soudness7               tests/spl/soundness/soundness7.spl              ''      fail
soudness8               tests/spl/soundness/soundness8.spl              ''      fail
sl_traverse             tests/spl/sl/sl_traverse.spl                    ''      pass
sl_dispose              tests/spl/sl/sl_dispose.spl                     ''      pass
sl_copy                 tests/spl/sl/sl_copy.spl                        ''      pass
sl_reverse              tests/spl/sl/sl_reverse.spl                     ''      pass
sl_concat               tests/spl/sl/sl_concat.spl                      ''      pass
sl_filter               tests/spl/sl/sl_filter.spl                      ''      pass
sl_remove               tests/spl/sl/sl_remove.spl                      ''      pass
sl_insert               tests/spl/sl/sl_insert.spl                      ''      pass
recursive_traverse      tests/spl/sl/rec_traverse.spl                   ''      pass
recursive_dispose       tests/spl/sl/rec_dispose.spl                    ''      pass
recursive_copy          tests/spl/sl/rec_copy.spl                       ''      pass
recursive_reverse       tests/spl/sl/rec_reverse.spl                    ''      pass
recursive_concat        tests/spl/sl/rec_concat.spl                     ''      pass
recursive_filter        tests/spl/sl/rec_filter.spl                     ''      pass
recursive_remove        tests/spl/sl/rec_remove.spl                     ''      pass
recursive_insert        tests/spl/sl/rec_insert.spl                     ''      pass
dl_traverse             tests/spl/dl/dl_traverse.spl                    ''      pass
dl_dispose              tests/spl/dl/dl_dispose.spl                     ''      pass
dl_copy                 tests/spl/dl/dl_copy.spl                        ''      pass
dl_reverse              tests/spl/dl/dl_reverse.spl                     ''      pass
dl_concat               tests/spl/dl/dl_concat.spl                      ''      pass
dl_filter               tests/spl/dl/dl_filter.spl                      ''      pass
dl_remove               tests/spl/dl/dl_remove.spl                      ''      pass
dl_insert               tests/spl/dl/dl_insert.spl                      ''      pass
sls_traverse            tests/spl/sls/sls_traverse.spl                  ''      pass
sls_dispose             tests/spl/sls/sls_dispose.spl                   ''      pass
sls_copy                tests/spl/sls/sls_copy.spl                      ''      pass
sls_reverse             tests/spl/sls/sls_reverse.spl                   ''      pass
sls_concat              tests/spl/sls/sls_concat.spl                    ''      pass
sls_filter              tests/spl/sls/sls_filter.spl                    ''      pass
sls_remove              tests/spl/sls/sls_remove.spl                    ''      pass
sls_insert              tests/spl/sls/sls_insert.spl                    ''      pass
sls_insertion_sort      tests/spl/sls/sls_insertion_sort.spl            ''      pass
sls_merge_sort          tests/spl/sls/sls_merge_sort.spl                ''      pass
sls_quicksort           tests/spl/sls/sls_quicksort.spl                 ''      pass
sls_strand_sort         tests/spl/sls/sls_strand_sort.spl               ''      pass
union_find              tests/spl/sl/union_find.spl                     ''      pass
list_set_contains       tests/spl/list_set/contains.spl                 ''      pass
list_set_delete         tests/spl/list_set/delete.spl                   ''      pass
list_set_difference     tests/spl/list_set/difference.spl               ''      pass
list_set_insert         tests/spl/list_set/insert.spl                   ''      pass
list_set_traverse       tests/spl/list_set/traverse.spl                 ''      pass
list_set_union          tests/spl/list_set/union.spl                    ''      pass
assoc_list_contains     tests/spl/assoc/contains.spl                    ''      pass
assoc_list_insert       tests/spl/assoc/insert.spl                      ''      pass
assoc_list_lookup       tests/spl/assoc/lookup.spl                      ''      pass
assoc_list_remove       tests/spl/assoc/remove.spl                      ''      pass
array_bsearch           tests/spl/array/bsearch.spl                     ''      pass
array_bubble            tests/spl/array/bubble.spl                      ''      pass
array_checkSorted       tests/spl/array/checkSorted.spl                 ''      pass
array_clamp             tests/spl/array/clamp.spl                       ''      pass
array_copy              tests/spl/array/copy.spl                        ''      pass
array_destroy           tests/spl/array/destroy.spl                     ''      pass
array_free              tests/spl/array/free.spl                        ''      pass
array_initialize        tests/spl/array/initialize.spl                  ''      pass
array_maximum           tests/spl/array/maximum.spl                     ''      pass
array_reverse           tests/spl/array/reverse.spl                     ''      pass
array_selection_sort    tests/spl/array/selection_sort.spl              ''      pass
array_test              tests/spl/array/test.spl                        ''      pass
array_traverse_with_nodes tests/spl/array/traverse_with_nodes.spl       ''      pass
recursive_def_lists     tests/spl/recursive_defs/list.spl               ''      pass
adt_lists               tests/spl/adt/lists.spl                         ''      pass
"

# string use Byte and requires -bitvector
# array_string            tests/spl/array/string.spl              pass

SYMB_EXEC_TESTS="
symb_exec:basic         tests/spl/symb_exec/basic.spl           ''     pass
symb_exec:frame         tests/spl/symb_exec/frame.spl           ''     pass
symb_exec:list          tests/spl/symb_exec/list.spl            ''     pass
symb_exec:array         tests/spl/symb_exec/array.spl           ''     pass
symb_exec:soundness0    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'useless_existentials'     fail
symb_exec:soundness1    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'pure_call1'     fail
symb_exec:soundness2    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'fun_call'     fail
symb_exec:soundness3    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'spatial_neq2'     fail
symb_exec:soundness4    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'boo4'     fail
symb_exec:soundness5    tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness.spl       'boo2'     fail
symb_exec:arr-soundness tests/spl/symb_exec/soundness_arr1.spl  ''     fail
symb_exec:array_util    tests/spl/reloc/array_util.spl          ''     pass
flows:b+tree_inRange    tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'inRange'  pass
flows:b+tree_init       tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'init'     pass
flows:b+tree_findNext   tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'findNext' pass
flows:b+tree_search     tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'search'   pass
flows:b+tree_insert     tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'insert'   pass
flows:b+tree_delete     tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'delete'   pass
flows:b+tree_keyset     tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl             'keyset_implies_leaf'     pass
flows:b+-tree_inset_step   tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl      'flowint_inset_step'     pass
flows:b+-tree_proj   tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl      'flowint_proj'     pass
flows:b+-tree_cont   tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl      'flowint_cont'     pass
flows:b+-tree_step   tests/spl/reloc/b+-tree.spl      'flowint_step'     pass
flows:b-link_init tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'init' pass
flows:b-link_findNext tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'findNext' pass
flows:b-link_search   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'search'   pass
flows:b-link_insert   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'insert'   pass
flows:b-link_delete   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'delete'   pass
flows:b-link_halfSplit   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'half_split'   pass
flows:b-link_keyset   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl           'keyset_implies_leaf'     pass
flows:b-link_outset1   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'outset_correct1'     pass
flows:b-link_outset2   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'outset_correct2'     pass
flows:b-link_edgeset   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'lemma_edgesets_disjoint'     pass
flows:b-link_compute_int   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'compute_interface'     pass
flows:b-link_inset_step   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'flowint_inset_step'     pass
flows:b-link_proj   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'flowint_proj'     pass
flows:b-link_cont   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'flowint_cont'     pass
flows:b-link_step   tests/spl/reloc/b-link.spl      'flowint_step'     pass
flows:hashtbl_findNext  tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl             'findNext' pass
flows:hashtbl_search    tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl             'search'   pass
flows:hashtbl_insert    tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl             'insert'   pass
flows:hashtbl_delete    tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl             'delete'   pass
flows:hashtbl_keyset    tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl             'keyset_implies_bucket'   pass
flows:hashtbl_inreach_inset   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'inreach_impl_inset'     pass
flows:hashtbl_inset_step   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'flowint_inset_step'     pass
flows:hashtbl_inreach_step   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'flowint_inreach_step'     pass
flows:hashtbl_proj   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'flowint_proj'     pass
flows:hashtbl_cont   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'flowint_cont'     pass
flows:hashtbl_step   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl.spl      'flowint_step'     pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_inRange  tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'inRange'  pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_findNext tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'findNext' pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_search   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'search'   pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_insert   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'insert'   pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_delete   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'delete'   pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_keyset   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl     'keyset_implies_bucket'   pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_inset_step   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl      'flowint_inset_step'     pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_proj   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl      'flowint_proj'     pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_cont   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl      'flowint_cont'     pass
flows:hashtbl-gu_step   tests/spl/reloc/hashtbl-give-up.spl      'flowint_step'     pass
"

SYMB_EXEC_VIPER_TESTS="
symb_exec_viper:basic   tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/basic.spl               ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:assert  tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/basic_assert.spl        ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:frame   tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/frame.spl               ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:heap    tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/heap.spl                ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:functions tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/func.spl              ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:predicate tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/predicates.spl        ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:list    tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/list.spl                ''     pass
symb_exec_viper:tree tests/spl/symb_exec_v2/treeset.spl                ''     pass
"

res=0
SECONDS=0 # Using simpler timing logic for the entire script since individual tests are timed

OPTIONS="$@" ./bin/run-tests $TESTS || res=$?
OPTIONS="$@" ./bin/run-tests $SYMB_EXEC_TESTS || res=$?
OPTIONS="$@" ./bin/run-tests $SYMB_EXEC_VIPER_TESTS || res=$?
./bin/xp_pldi20.sh || res=$?

duration=$SECONDS
if [ $res -ne 0 ]; then
    echo -e "\n\033[31mThere were failing test cases!\033[0m"
fi
echo -e "Regression tests done. Elapsed time: $(($duration / 60))m $(($duration % 60))s"
exit $res
